Getting started page (#766)
wazo-platform/wazo-platform.org: website/docs/intro.mdx

slug: /intro
---

import useBaseUrl from '@docusaurus/useBaseUrl';
import ThemedImage from '@theme/ThemedImage';

# Introduction

Wazo Platform allows developers to build solutions that fit any business and technical
requirements. Fully open source and based on open Source components, Wazo Platform aims to
provide all the building blocks to create a full-featured, carrier-grade, Programmable
Telecom Infrastructure.

> This Open Source project allows you to <strong>build carrier grade programmable IP communication infrastructures</strong>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This Open Source project enables anyone to <strong>build carrier grade programmable IP communication infrastructures</strong>.
```
